I'm working with Rosetta cocoon yarn
today this is a lot of fun to work with
and as you can see it is made up of
nylon according with little cocoons spun
in between what I'm going to show you
today is how to crochet a very quick
scarf with this I will come about one
two three cords in and I'm going to make
a slipknot you'll end up having to pull
one of the cocoons through alright I put
my needle in now I'm going to be
crocheting with the nylon cords that are
in between the cocoons themselves I'm
going to go every other one I'm going to
come around and pull this through you
will not be pulling any more of the
cords through skip one two pull through
and again in the same cord yarn over
pull it through
you can do every one if you don't want
the loops hanging down okay there are
two different ways you could do it very
tight it would be a shorter scarf doing
every two if you wanted to do a longer
one but did not want the loops you could
do every every chord between the two
this one we're going to do every other
one so again I come under pull through I
yarn over with the rest of that same
piece of cording and hook it through
come down to pull the cord through yarn
over with the same piece of courting and
come through and basically that's all it
is
it looks a little crunched up here so
far but when you have a string of these
which I will show you in just a minute
it will be very pretty I will cut it off
now and come back to you in just a few
minutes and show you okay as you can see
I am at the end of the skein this was
only one skein to make the scarf and
again I'm going to skip down to cords or
cord sections I'm going to yarn over
draw this through the loop yarn over
again with the same section and this
time I'm going to make my loop a little
bit larger and I'm going to draw
everything through this last loop I'll
just continue to pull
this will be just like at the beginning
where I left three cocoons there I pull
it tight so now it's knotted and this
scarf this here is the finished scarf as
you can see it is quite long and quite
enough to drape around you can just this
is actually doubled you can overlap even
more if you wanted a closer type of
scarf it's very playful it lends itself
for quite a bit of creativity and design
so have fun and good luck with your
crochet